PREVIOUSLY ON "MARVEL'S
AGENTS OF S.H.I.E.L.D."...
HELLO, SKYE.
I'M GORDON.
I'LL TAKE YOU
TO A PLACE
WHERE YOU CAN BE
WITH PEOPLE LIKE US.
YOU CAN LEARN
ABOUT YOUR GIFT.
Gonzales: WE FOUNDED
THE REAL S.H.I.E.L.D.
ON THE BELIEF
THAT LEADERSHIP SHOULD OPERATE
WITH TRANSPARENCY.
COULSON AND HIS SECRETS --
THAT'S THE THREAT.
AND I THINK IT'S TIME
THAT WE REMOVE THAT THREAT.
THIS SHOULD GET YOU BY
FOR A FEW DAYS.
WITHOUT YOU,
THERE IS NO S.H.I.E.L.D.
THEY KNOW ABOUT SKYE.
FIND HER.
[ GUNS COCK ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ RUMBLING ]
GORDON, HELP.
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
[ COUNTRY MUSIC PLAYING ]
[ VEHICLE PASSES ]
[ INDISTINCT TALKING OVER P.A. ]
Eddie: CAN I LET YOU IN
ON A LITTLE SECRET?
I'VE GOT A GENUINE, HONEST ABE,
GOD-GIVEN SUPERPOWER.
YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHAT IT IS?
I'M AFRAID TO GUESS.
I CAN LOOK AT ANY MAN
AND TELL HIM EXACTLY WHAT KIND
OF CAR HE SHOULD BE DRIVING.
MAYBE I'LL JUST
LOOK AROUND.
Y-YOU KNOW,
I LOOK AT YOU,
AND I SEE A MAN WHO'S
PLAYED IT SAFE HIS WHOLE LIFE,
BUT LATELY FEELS LIKE
HE'S STUCK IN A RUT.
LIFE'S LOST ITS THRILL.
THE KIDS ARE MONSTERS.
THE WIFE'S TAKEN TO MUUMUUS.
AND NOW YOU'RE THINKING,
"IT'S TIME
TO LET THE TIGER LOOSE."
AM I HITTING THE MARK?
AMAZING.
THEN THIS
IS THE CAR FOR YOU.
ACTUALLY, I'M INTERESTED
IN THIS S.U.V.
I'M GOING OFF-ROADING.
I NEED SOMETHING
THAT CAN TAKE A BEATING.
I'LL PAY YOU CASH
RIGHT NOW.
A MAN WITH CASH
IS A MAN WITH CLASS.
I'LL DO YOU ONE BETTER --
2010 4-WHEEL DRIVE
WRANGLER RUBICON -- CAME IN.
A BIT PRICIER,
BUT SHE'S A BEAUT.
IT'S -- WELL,
IT LOOKS LIKE THIS ONE HERE.
GET IN.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
PUT THAT BACK.
I'M MAKING A DEAL.
FOR THAT
PIECE OF JUNK?
THIS IS MY VEHICLE.
YOU KNOW, I NEED YOU
TO GET OUT OF THERE RIGHT NOW.
WE'RE NOT CRIMINALS. WE DON'T
WANT TO DRAW ANY MORE ATTENTION.
IF IT MAKES YOU FEEL BETTER,
YOU CAN SEND HIM A CHECK.
OH, WAIT.
NO, WE CAN'T, BECAUSE OUR
BANK ACCOUNTS HAVE BEEN FROZEN.
SO JUST GET IN.
I'LL GET YOU TO SKYE, I PROMISE.
HOLD ON A SECOND.
YOU TWO ARE IN CAHOOTS?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I-I'M GONNA CALL THE POLICE.
SEE WHAT YOU DID?
HE'S CALLING THE POLICE.
ARE YOU HAPPY?
SORRY, EDDIE.
THE TIGER'S BEEN LOOSE
FOR AWHILE.
[ GUN COCKS ]
[ THUD ]
[ ENGINE REVS, TIRES SCREECH ]
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ]
[ GASPS ]
Gordon: HEY.
EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE OKAY.
YOU'RE SAFE NOW.
GORDON, WHERE AM I?
THIS IS THE PLACE
I TOLD YOU ABOUT.
YOU CALLED FOR ME.
DO YOU REMEMBER?
HOW LONG
HAVE I BEEN HERE?
TWO DAYS.
T-T-- I NEED TO --
I NEED TO GO.
THEY NEED ME.
SOMETHING BAD HAS HAPPENED.
OH, WHY CAN'T I MOVE?
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME?
Lincoln: WE'RE HEALING YOU.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
LEAVING NOW WOULDN'T
EXACTLY BE -- [ CHUCKLES ]
YOU EVER MADE
MICROWAVE POPCORN?
LEAVE IT IN TOO LONG,
AND IT'S CHARCOAL.
TAKE IT OUT TOO SOON,
AND IT'S A BAG OF KERNELS.
THAT MIGHT BE
THE WORST ANALOGY EVER.
GORDO,
HELP ME OUT HERE.
YOU ARE ON YOUR OWN
WITH THIS ONE.
I HAVE TO GO NOW.
YOU'RE IN
VERY GOOD HANDS.
HE'S SMARTER
THAN HE LOOKS.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ]
HE'S BEEN BY YOUR SIDE
SINCE THE MOMENT YOU GOT HERE.
WHO ARE YOU?
SORRY.
I THOUGHT -- I'M LINCOLN,
YOUR TRANSITIONER.
RIGHT. I-I KEEP FORGETTING
YOU'RE NEW TO THIS.
E-EVERYONE WHO
GOES THROUGH TERRIGENESIS
HAS, UH,
A TRANSITIONER TO HELP THEM.
PLEASE CUT TO THE CHASE.
I...
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
RIGHT, YEAH.
LET ME START
FROM THE TOP.
IMAGINE A THOUSAND YEARS
OF EVOLUTION
TAKING PLACE
INSTANTANEOUSLY.
T-THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU
AFTER THE MIST.
THESE TREATMENTS --
WE'RE HELPING YOUR BODY
ADJUST PROPERLY
TO THE CHANGE,
TRANSITIONING YOU QUICKLY
AND PAINLESSLY, I HOPE.
WE USUALLY LIKE
TO START THE PROCESS
RIGHT AFTER THE MIST,
BUT AS --
HOW LONG?
WHEN CAN I GO?
YOU GOT PLACES TO BE,
PEOPLE TO SEE?
I'M WORRIED
ABOUT MY FRIENDS.
I THINK
THEY'RE IN DANGER.
YOU'RE THE ONE
THAT'S IN DANGER, SKYE.
REMEMBER?
YOU'RE BEING HUNTED.
SEVEN AGENTS DOWN,
CALDERON BARELY HANGING ON,
AND YOU WANT TO
DEFEND THAT THING?
SHE'S A S.H.I.E.L.D. AGENT,
NOT A THING.
WHAT HAPPENED
WASN'T HER FAULT.
I WAS THERE.
CALDERON FIRED AT HER.
SHE WAS ARMED
AND HOSTILE.
SHE WAS SCARED
AND DEFENDING HERSELF.
I DON'T CARE
IF SHE WAS CHASING BUTTERFLIES.
WE CAN'T WEAR KID GLOVES
AROUND SOMETHING
WITH POWERS
OF THAT MAGNITUDE.
SHE COULD HAVE
KILLED EVERYONE.
BUT SHE DIDN'T.
ONLY BECAUSE THAT OTHER FREAK
PULLED HER FROM THE FIGHT.
WAS HE
ONE OF COULSON'S?
WE'VE ONLY
RECENTLY ENCOUNTERED HIM.
COULSON'S AS IN THE DARK
AS WE ARE.
ARE YOU CERTAIN
ABOUT THAT?
IF COULSON'S
COLLECTING POWERED PEOPLE,
WE NEED TO KNOW BEFORE
THEY COME KNOCKING ON OUR DOOR.
NO ONE WANTS A WAR,
BARBARA.
THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN.
COULSON'S REASONABLE.
THEN WE NEED TO GET
INTO THAT BOX TO KNOW FOR SURE.
WELL,
THEN YOU NEED FITZ.
Fitz:
PURE VIBRANIUM SHELL --
NO PORTS,
NO EXTERNAL POWER SOURCE.
HOW DO YOU GET INSIDE
TO RETRIEVE THE DATA?
I SUSPECT ADVANCED
BIOMETRIC ACCESS POINTS.
PROBABLY LOADED
WITH SELF-DESTRUCT TRIGGERS.
YEAH.
LEO FITZ, JEMMA SIMMONS,
THE ONES THAT GOT AWAY.
I HAD MY EYE ON YOU TWO
WHEN YOU WERE AT THE ACADEMY.
I WANTED TO RECRUIT YOU,
BUT COULSON BEAT ME TO IT.
I HEARD HE ACTUALLY
BRIBED WEAVER WITH CUPCAKES.
ROBERT GONZALES.
WE KNOW WHO YOU ARE,
AND WE ARE QUITE AWARE
OF YOUR COMMENDABLE REPUTATION.
UNDER DIFFERENT CIRCUMSTANCES,
WE MIGHT EVEN BE FLATTERED...
WHICH IS WHY
THIS IS SO HARD TO COMPREHEND.
UNDER DIFFERENT
CIRCUMSTANCES,
WE WOULD HAVE PREFERRED
TO BE INVITED GUESTS,
BUT THAT
FORCED OUR HAND.
WE HAD TO TAKE IT
OUT OF PLAY.
WHAT'S INSIDE
THAT'S SO IMPORTANT?
ALL WE KNOW IS THAT COULSON
AND FURY BOTH BELIEVED
IT WAS VALUABLE ENOUGH
OR DANGEROUS ENOUGH
TO PROTECT
WITH EXTREME MEASURES.
MAYBE IT WAS
THEIR FAVORITE RECIPES.
[ CHUCKLES ]
MAYBE IT IS.
THEN, MAYBE, WE CAN PUT
ALL THIS BEHIND US AND MOVE ON.
THAT'S WHY I'M ASKING YOU
FOR YOUR HELP, LEO.
AND IF HE REFUSES,
WILL YOU LOCK HIM UP,
LIKE YOU DID AGENT MAY?
THERE ARE NO PRISONERS HERE.
WE ARE ALL S.H.I.E.L.D. AGENTS.
EXIT PROTOCOLS
HAVE NOT CHANGED.
ONCE YOU'RE CLEARED
AND DEBRIEFED,
YOU'RE FREE TO GO,
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU REALLY WANT.
OKAY.
I'LL START
PACKING MY THINGS.
[ FOOTSTEPS DEPART ]
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
YOU SHOULD HAVE
BROUGHT CUPCAKES.
[ SIGHS ]
WELL...YOU HAVE TO ADMIRE
THEIR LOYALTY.
LOYALTY TO A MAN
AND NOT TO S.H.I.E.L.D.
THAT MAKES COULSON AS DANGEROUS
AS WHATEVER'S IN THAT BOX.
[ SIGHS ]
[ SEAT BELT CLICKS ]
[ BEEPING ]
WHAT THE HELL
HAPPENED HERE?
SKYE.
DID THEY DO THIS TO HER,
OR DID SHE DO IT TO THEM?
ONE WAY TO FIND OUT.
MY GOD.
SKYE'S DOING THAT?
GLAD SHE'S ON OUR SIDE. SHE'S
STILL ON OUR SIDE, ISN'T SHE?
Coulson:
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
WELL, AT LEAST
THEY DIDN'T TAKE HER.
THAT MEANS SHE'S OUT THERE,
SO WE'LL FIND HER AND --
THAT'S NEW.
DID SHE JUST
GET ABDUCTED BY ALIENS?
WHAT THE HELL
WAS THAT?
WE DON'T KNOW WHAT HE IS.
HE TOOK SKYE'S FATHER AND RAINA.
SERIOUSLY?
I WAS ONLY GONE A WEEK.
WE DON'T KNOW
WHERE HE COMES FROM,
WHERE HE GOES,
OR WHO HE WORKS FOR.
HE DOESN'T LEAVE TRAILS
OR CLUES.
I LOST HER.
HOW ARE YOU FEELING?
[ SIGHS ]
KIND OF NORMAL.
[ CHUCKLES ]
NORMAL'S GOOD.
YEAH.
WE FLUSHED YOUR LYMPHATIC
AND CIRCULATORY SYSTEMS,
SO YOU'LL BE WEAK
FOR A FEW DAYS, BUT...
I NEED TO GIVE A MESSAGE
TO MY FRIENDS.
GORDON'S THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN MAKE CONTACT
WITH THE OUTSIDE WORLD.
WE CAN TALK TO HIM
WHEN HE GETS BACK.
WHERE EXACTLY ARE WE?
NO ONE REALLY KNOWS.
UH, THE OFFICIAL NAME
IS CHINESE, I THINK --
LAI SHI --
DOESN'T EXACTLY TRANSLATE.
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
[ GASPS ]
SO WE JUST
CALL IT "AFTERLIFE."
YOU SAY THE NAME
OF THIS PLACE IS CHINESE.
ARE WE IN CHINA?
NO IDEA.
GORDON'S THE ONLY ONE
WHO KNOWS WHERE WE ARE,
AND HE'S THE ONLY WAY
IN OR OUT.
IT KEEPS US SECRET AND SAFE
FROM THE OUTSIDE WORLD.
OR IT KEEPS US PRISONERS.
YOU'RE NOT VERY TRUSTING,
ARE YOU?
[ CHUCKLES ]
I WOKE UP NAKED ON A TABLE
IN A PLACE NO ONE CAN EVEN
POINT TO ON A MAP, SO...
CALL ME CRAZY.
YOU WEREN'T TOTALLY NAKED,
AND YOU ASKED GORDON
TO BRING YOU HERE.
NO ONE'S GONNA FORCE YOU
TO STAY.
IT'S NOT A BAD PLACE. THE NIGHT
LIFE'S A LITTLE LACKING.
SO YOU LIVE HERE?
NO ONE LIVES HERE --
NOT PERMANENTLY.
IT'S MORE LIKE
A WAY STATION.
I'M FROM CINCINNATI,
TRYING TO FINISH MED SCHOOL.
I'M BROUGHT HERE
WHEN I'M NEEDED.
SOME PEOPLE COME HERE WHEN
THEY NEED A SAFE PLACE TO STAY.
WHY DO I FEEL LIKE
THE NEW KID IN SCHOOL RIGHT NOW?
EVERYONE IS STARING
AT ME.
GORDON DIDN'T EXPLAIN?
NO, I THOUGHT YOU SAID
THAT EVERYONE HERE IS LIKE ME
AND THAT THIS HAPPENS
ALL THE...TIME.
[ CHUCKLES ]
ARE YOU KIDDING?
T-THIS HAS NEVER HAPPENED.
THINGS HERE HAVE ALWAYS
BEEN DONE A CERTAIN WAY.
THESE PEOPLE
ARE DESCENDANTS, YES,
BUT MOST OF THEM
ARE WAITING TO BE CHOSEN.
THEY CARRY
THE GENETIC MARKER
AND HAVE BEEN BROUGHT HERE
TO BE EVALUATED, CULTURED,
AND PREPARED FOR THE CHANGE
SHOULD THEY BE SELECTED,
BUT THAT ONLY HAPPENS
TO ONE PERSON EVERY FEW YEARS.
THEY ACTUALLY WANT
TO GO THROUGH?
THIS TRADITION
HAS BEEN PASSED DOWN
THROUGH
COUNTLESS GENERATIONS.
AND I JUMPED THE LINE.
AND NOT ONLY DID YOU GO THROUGH
WITHOUT PERMISSION OR PREP,
BUT YOU DID IT OLD-SCHOOL,
WITH A DIVINER IN A KREE TEMPLE.
UH, THAT HASN'T HAPPENED
FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS.
YOU CAN SEE
WHY SOME OF THESE PEOPLE
MIGHT BE A LITTLE ENVIOUS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'D GLADLY CHANGE PLACES
WITH ANY OF THEM.
I DIDN'T WANT THIS.
I UNDERSTAND.
UH, THE WOMAN WHO CHANGED
WITH ME, RAINA...
...GORDON TOOK HER
AND MY FATHER.
ARE THEY HERE?
GORDON TAKES PEOPLE
EVERYWHERE.
IT'S HIS JOB
TO KEEP US SAFE.
I PROMISE, THERE IS NO ONE HERE
WHO WILL HARM YOU.
YOU'RE PROTECTED.
IS IT TRUE THAT FURY
ASKED YOU TO SPY ON COULSON
BECAUSE OF THESE
GH-325 TRANSFUSIONS?
IS IT ALSO TRUE
THAT COULSON HIMSELF ASKED YOU
TO PUT A BULLET IN HIS HEAD
BECAUSE OF IT?
THAT'S THE MAN
THAT YOU HELPED ESCAPE,
A MAN THAT FURY
DIDN'T TRUST,
A MAN THAT
YOU YOURSELF DIDN'T TRUST,
A MAN THAT DIDN'T EVEN
TRUST HIMSELF.
THERE'S LOYALTY,
AND THERE'S STUBBORNNESS.
TELL ME, AGENT MAY...
ARE YOU LOYAL TO COULSON
OR TO S.H.I.E.L.D.?
THEY'RE THE SAME.
COULSON'S POWERED PET
TRIED TO KILL
SEVEN OF OUR AGENTS...
DEDICATED S.H.I.E.L.D. AGENTS
WITH FAMILIES,
AND YOU'RE GONNA SAY
THAT THEY'RE THE SAME?
COULSON HAD NOTHING TO DO
WITH SKYE'S POWERS.
THEY WERE CAUSED BY A WEAPON
IN HYDRA'S POSSESSION.
THAT YOU WERE CHASING
BECAUSE OF SOME VOICES
IN COULSON'S HEAD.
WE WERE PURSUING HYDRA
BECAUSE THAT'S OUR JOB.
IT'S WHAT WE SHOULD ALL
BE DOING RIGHT NOW
INSTEAD OF WASTING OUR TIME
ON SOME WITCH HUNT!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN HERE
BY YOURSELF?
[ BEEP ]
THERE'S TOO MUCH BAD BLOOD
OUT THERE.
THEY THINK
WE'RE TRAITORS.
HOW YOU HOLDING UP?
UH...
[ SIGHS ]
WE ALWAYS KNEW THIS WASN'T
GONNA END IN A BIG GROUP HUG.
COULSON'S A GOOD MAN,
MACK.
YEAH. HE'S A GOOD MAN
WHO'S BEEN COMPROMISED.
COULSON SHOULD BE IN THE INDEX
WITH AGENT SKYE.
YOU OF ALL PEOPLE
KNOW WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN POWERED PEOPLE
LOSE CONTROL.
[ FOLDER THUDS ]
YOU HAD TO PUT ONE DOWN.
ISN'T THAT WHY THEY CALL YOU
THE CALVARY?
SO YOU WANT TO PUT DOWN
COULSON AND SKYE?
I WANT TO AVOID IT.
HIS ACTIONS ARE LEADING US
TO A DEADLY SHOWDOWN.
HELP ME FIND HIM,
AND WE'LL STOP IT.
DON'T WORRY.
WHEN HE'S READY, HE'LL FIND YOU.
COULSON IS THE ONE MAN...
YOU CAN NEVER PUT DOWN.
[ BOTH SIGH ]
YOU ALWAYS TRAVEL WITH WHISKEY
AND SHOT GLASSES?
NEVER KNOW WHEN
YOU'RE GONNA NEED SOMETHING
TO KEEP YOU WARM
ON A COLD NIGHT.
TWO GLASSES?
THE OTHER ONE'S FOR THE PERSON
KEEPING ME WARM.
MM.
BUT IN YOUR CASE,
I'LL MAKE AN EXCEPTION.
I NEED TO
KEEP MY HEAD CLEAR.
S.H.I.E.L.D. AND SKYE
GONE IN ONE DAY --
HOW COULD
I LET THAT HAPPEN?
THERE'S NO WAY
YOU COULD HAVE KNOWN.
THEY FOOLED ALL OF US.
BOBBI AND MACK ARE CONNIVING
LIARS AND THIEVES.
AND THE NEXT TIME
I SEE EITHER OF THEM --
THEY'RE GOOD AGENTS.
TRY TO SEE IT FROM THEIR SIDE.
SCREW THEIR SIDE.
THERE ARE VERY FEW PEOPLE
IN THIS WORLD
THAT I'D THROW DOWN WITH,
BUT YOU'RE ONE OF THEM.
GONZALES,
THE LOVE BOAT CAPTAIN?
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
NOT IF HELL FROZE OVER.
HE'S A BRILLIANT TACTICIAN
WHO'S DEDICATED HIS LIFE
TO S.H.I.E.L.D.
I RAN INTO HIM A COUPLE OF TIMES
AT THE TRISKELION.
HE'S NOT A BAD GUY.
GOOD GUYS DON'T USUALLY
STAB YOU IN THE BACK.
MAYBE HE'S GOT A POINT.
I WAS DEAD, AFTER ALL.
I SHOULDN'T EVEN BE HERE.
WE ALL HAVE
OUR BAD DAYS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WELL, MAYBE WE SHOULD FORGET
ALL THIS, HEAD DOWN TO MEXICO.
WE CAN LAY LOW,
ENJOY THE QUIET LIFE.
THAT'S NOT AN OPTION.
THE PROBLEM IS,
THERE ARE NO GOOD OPTIONS.
WELL, MAYBE IT'S TIME
FOR THE BAD ONES.
[ GLASS CLINKS ]
ARE YOU REALLY GOING TO LET FITZ
JUST WALK OUT OF HERE?
HE'S ALREADY CLEARED
AND FREE TO GO.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
ARE YOU STAYING?
I KEEP HOPING
THIS WILL ALL BE RESOLVED
AND THINGS
CAN GET BACK TO NORMAL.
[ SIGHS ]
THE FASTEST WAY
TO MAKE THAT HAPPEN
IS TO HELP US
OPEN THAT BOX.
AREN'T YOU CURIOUS
WHAT'S INSIDE?
OF COURSE I AM, BUT NOT ENOUGH
TO BETRAY COULSON.
IF HE ISN'T HIDING SOMETHING,
THEN OPENING IT WILL PROVE THAT.
IF HE IS...DON'T YOU THINK
WE SHOULD KNOW?
ONCE IT'S OPENED,
YOU'LL ALL LEAVE?
ONCE WE KNOW
WE'RE ALL ON THE SAME SIDE.
BUT WE NEED FITZ
TO GET IT OPEN.
NOT REALLY.
YOU'VE BEEN LOOKING AT IT
ALL WRONG.
IT'S NOT A TECH SOLUTION --
IT'S A LAB SOLUTION.
WELL, THIS IS YOURS
FOR AS LONG AS YOU WANT.
GORDON BROUGHT YOUR BAG
FROM THE CABIN,
SO, YOU KNOW, TAKE SOME TIME,
TRY TO RELAX.
RELAX?
[ SCOFFS ]
THIS WILL BE LIKE MY FOURTH BED
IN THE PAST WEEK,
AND I'VE BEEN LOCKED UP,
QUARANTINED, PSYCHOANALYZED.
LET ME GUESS.
TO PROTECT YOU FROM YOURSELF.
THE INHIBITORS
THESE RELEASED
SERIOUSLY COMPROMISED
THE TRANSITION PROCESS.
IT'S ONE OF THE REASONS, UH,
YOU WERE OUT FOR SO LONG.
MY FRIEND -- SHE WAS JUST...
TRYING TO HELP.
I MEAN, SHE THOUGHT SHE
WAS DEALING WITH HUMAN BIOLOGY,
BUT YOU GRADUATED
FROM THAT CLASS.
I'M GONNA TAKE
A CLOSER LOOK AT THESE.
UH, MEANWHILE,
TRY TO GET SOME REST.
TOMORROW, MAYBE WE'LL SEE
WHAT GIFT YOU'VE BEEN GIVEN.
IT'S MORE LIKE A CURSE.
A LOT OF US FEEL THAT WAY
AT FIRST,
BUT YOU'LL LEARN
TO CONTROL IT.
I DON'T WANT TO CONTROL IT --
I WANT TO GET RID OF IT.
THAT'S...
WHY I CALLED GORDON.
I THOUGHT THAT
HE'D BE ABLE TO FIX ME.
I'M SORRY.
I-I THOUGHT YOU KNEW.
[ SIGHS ]
THE TRANSITION
IS IRREVERSIBLE.
YOU'LL FEEL BETTER
IN A FEW DAYS -- TRUST ME.
AT LEAST, HANG HERE UNTIL THINGS
CALM DOWN ON THE OUTSIDE.
SEE WHAT HAPPENS.
PLUS, IT'S, UH,
PIZZA NIGHT TOMORROW NIGHT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
DEEP DISH -- GORDON
BRINGS THEM IN FROM CHICAGO.
UH, YOU CAN'T MISS IT.
NICE TO SEE HIS GIFTS
AREN'T BEING WASTED.
SERIOUSLY, REST.
I'LL SEE YOU IN THE MORNING.
[ DOOR CREAKS ]
[ DOORS CLOSE ]
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
[ ENGINE ROARS ]
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
S.H.I.E.L.D.'s HERE.
OURS OR THEIRS?
THEIRS.
DAMN IT.
HOW DID THEY FIND US?
I INVITED THEM.
WHY DID YOU TRIGGER THE ALARM?
ARE YOU SURRENDERING?
LAST TIME I CHECKED,
THERE WERE TWO OF US,
WHICH MEANS TWO VOTES.
WE'RE NOT SURRENDERING.
WHAT, THEN?
YOU WANT TO GO OUT GUNS BLAZING,
LIKE BUTCH AND SUNDANCE?
THAT DIDN'T END
SO WELL.
I WAS THINKING ABOUT
WHAT YOU SAID LAST NIGHT,
ABOUT BAD OPTIONS.
I MEANT
HAVE ANOTHER DRINK.
I'M NOT GOING DOWN
WITHOUT A FIGHT.
WE'RE GONNA FIND SKYE AND I'M
GONNA TAKE BACK S.H.I.E.L.D.,
AND WE'RE GONNA NEED MORE THAN
HONEST EDDIE'S JEEP TO DO IT.
YOU WANT TO TAKE
THEIR QUINJET --
THE TWO US, WHILE WE'RE TRAPPED
IN HERE, SURROUNDED?
BRILLIANT.
I HAVE REINFORCEMENTS
ON THE WAY.
WE JUST HAVE TO HOLD DOWN
THE FORT UNTIL THEY GET HERE.
YEAH, WELL, I HAVE
REINFORCEMENTS OF MY OWN.
[ GUN COCKS ]
ICERS ONLY.
OH,
YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS.
THOSE ARE S.H.I.E.L.D.
AGENTS OUT THERE. WE'RE
NOT GONNA HURT THEM.
I SOMEHOW DOUBT
THEY FEEL THE SAME ABOUT US.
IT WON'T COME TO THAT.
IT MAY NOT LOOK LIKE IT,
BUT THIS PLACE WAS BUILT
TO WITHSTAND A HULK-SIZE FORCE.
[ THUD ]
[ SIGHS ]
ON THE OTHER HAND, LET'S JUST
HOPE THEY DIDN'T BRING A --
[ CRASH ]
...BATTERING RAM,
'CAUSE THEN
WE'VE ONLY GOT ABOUT AN HOUR.
[ THUDDING ]
MAN: Confirmed, Sir --
Coulson is inside.
It'll take some time
to break through that door,
but he's not
going anywhere.
LET ME KNOW
WHEN IT'S DONE.
ANY MORE GOOD NEWS?
AGENT SIMMONS
MAY BE ON BOARD,
BUT I CAME TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT AGENT MAY.
I THINK YOUR APPROACH --
IT'S IRRELEVANT.
WE GOT COULSON AT THE SAFE HOUSE
WHERE WE FOUND SKYE.
HE TRIGGERED THE ALARM.
THAT WASN'T AN ACCIDENT.
COULSON'S TOO SMART FOR THAT.
HE SENT FOR US.
THE QUESTION IS WHY.
WHERE ARE WE GOING?
YOU'LL SEE.
WHAT'S OVER THERE?
OH, ANOTHER TRANSITION ROOM.
WE DON'T USE IT ANYMORE.
COME ON. KEEP UP.
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
THIS IS IT --
BEST VIEW IN THE HOUSE.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
GOOD PLACE
TO CLEAR YOUR HEAD,
FIGURE THINGS OUT,
SMOKE A LITTLE SOMETHING.
[ CHUCKLES ]
BUT TODAY,
WE'RE HERE TO FIGURE OUT YOU.
TELL ME
ABOUT YOUR GIFT.
IS THAT
WHY YOU BROUGHT ME UP HERE?
YEAH,
SO YOU CAN LET LOOSE.
WHATEVER IT IS, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO BE AFRAID OF IT.
WE WERE DESIGNED
TO BE WEAPONS.
I GOT THAT DIRECTLY
FROM THE BIG BLUE SOURCE.
TAKE MY HAND.
I KNOW IT'S SO AWKWARD,
BUT YOU STRIKE ME
AS SOMEONE WHO'S GENERALLY
MORE CURIOUS THAN AFRAID.
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
[ Chuckling ] WHOA.
ARE YOU DOING THAT?
WHEN I CAME OUT
OF THE MIST,
EVERY CELL IN MY BODY HAD
A DIFFERENT ELECTRICAL CHARGE.
I FELT LIKE I WAS BURNING
FROM THE INSIDE OUT.
BUT I LEARNED
TO MANIPULATE THEM,
CONCENTRATE THEM, EVEN TRANSFER
THEM ONTO SOMETHING ELSE,
LIKE STATIC ELECTRICITY.
I CAN FEEL IT
MOVING THROUGH MY BODY.
IT'S SO WEIRD.
IT TOOK AWHILE
TO GET CONTROL.
UH,
WHEN I FIRST GOT HERE,
I ALMOST BURNED THE PLACE DOWN
[CHUCKLES] LITERALLY.
BUT NOW...
SKY'S THE LIMIT.
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
NO PUN INTENDED,
I GUESS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THIS IS CRAZY.
OUR GIFTS
DON'T HAVE TO BE TERRIFYING.
THEY'RE A PART OF US.
I FELT LOST
BEFORE I CAME HERE, TOO.
[ CHUCKLES ]
LOOKING FOR ANSWERS
IN THE ALL THE WRONG PLACES.
BUT WE'RE CONNECTED TO SOMETHING
BIGGER AND OLDER THAN --
THAN WE COULD HAVE
EVER IMAGINED,
SOMETHING EXTRAORDINARY.
DON'T WALK AWAY
FROM IT.
[ SIGHS ]
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
I HATE TO SEE YOU LEAVE,
TURBO.
ONLY MY FRIEND MACK
CAN CALL ME THAT.
I'LL ALWAYS BE
YOUR FRIEND, FITZ.
HOPEFULLY, SOMEDAY,
YOU'LL UNDERSTAND
WHY I HAD TO DO
WHAT I DID.
IF YOU'RE HERE TO CONVINCE ME
TO OPEN THE BOX,
YOU'RE WASTING --
NO, I'M HERE BECAUSE
I DON'T WANT YOU TO LEAVE, MAN.
I BELIEVE IN WHAT WE'RE DOING.
I WANT YOU ON BOARD.
I MEAN,
THE DAMN BOX IS TAKEN CARE OF.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
IT'S TAKEN CARE OF?
WELL, SIMMONS, UH,
SHE FOUND A WAY IN USING...
GENETIC MARKERS
OR SOMETHING.
IF SHE CAN SEE WE'RE
ON THE SAME TEAM, WHY CAN'T YOU?
[ BEEPING ]
SHE'S SCANNING
THE SURFACE DIMENSIONS
AND ROUTING
THE DATA THROUGH...
WHY WOULD SHE DO THAT,
UNLESS...
IT'S JUST A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE SHE BREAKS THROUGH,
AND THIS
WILL ALL BE OVER.
[ BEEP ]
HOW MUCH TIME?
ABOUT THREE MINUTES.
WHERE ARE
THE REINFORCEMENTS?
I DON'T KNOW.
STUCK IN TRAFFIC?
ARE THEY TRAVELING
BY CLOWN CAR?
HOW MANY ARE THERE?
ACTUALLY, THERE'S ONE.
ONE?
THAT'S NOT REINFORCEMENTS --
THAT'S A GRAVEDIGGER.
WELL, THERE'S NOT MANY AGENTS
I CAN TRUST RIGHT NOW.
ONE? HAVE YOU LOST
YOUR BLOODY MIND?
WHAT IS THAT?
IT'S A 21st-CENTURY
HOWLING COMMANDOS KIT.
TRIP AND FITZ
BUILT IT FOR ME.
HEY,
DO YOU PLAY CARDS?
[ BEEP ]
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT WORKED.
WE HAD
THE BETTER HAND.
HOW MANY OF US
ARE THERE?
WE DON'T KNOW.
NOT EVERY DESCENDANT
IS FOUND,
AND NOT EVERYONE WHO IS
CHOOSES TO COME.
MM.
GORDON!
I HOPE WE'RE STILL ON
FOR PIZZA TONIGHT.
TRUTHFULLY,
I THINK THAT'S WHAT SOLD HER.
[ CHUCKLES ]
NOT TONIGHT.
I HAVE TO SEE
TO SOME PRESSING MATTERS,
BUT I'M GLAD
YOU'RE FEELING BETTER, SKYE.
I NEED YOU TO GIVE A MESSAGE
TO MY FRIENDS,
LET THEM KNOW
I'M OKAY.
I CAN ASK PERMISSION,
BUT THEY'LL ADVISE AGAINST IT.
IT'S BETTER WE STAY QUIET
FOR THE TIME BEING.
UH...WAIT.
MY FATHER AND RAINA --
WHERE DID YOU TAKE THEM?
I CAN'T DIVULGE THEIR LOCATION,
JUST AS I CAN'T DIVULGE YOURS.
BUT YOU DON'T
NEED TO WORRY ABOUT THEM.
WHAT DOES HE MEAN,
"ASK PERMISSION"?
ASK PERMISSION FROM WHO?
THE ELDERS.
YOU'VE MADE A LOT OF PEOPLE
AFRAID, SKYE --
AFRAID OUR SECRET WON'T BE SAFE
FOR MUCH LONGER.
COME ON.
[ GRUNTING ]
[ POUNDING ON DOOR ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?!
AFTER ALL I'VE DONE,
THIS IS HOW YOU TREAT ME --
LOCKING ME UP,
FEEDING ME LIKE SOME ANIMAL?!
[ PLATE CLATTERS ]
I CAN'T HAVE A --
A WINDOW?!
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT DAY IT IS ANYMORE!
YOU'RE LUCKY
WE'VE KEPT YOU ALIVE.
OHH.
YOU FOUND HER,
DIDN'T YOU?
THAT'S WHY
YOU'RE HERE.
YOU FOUND HER,
AND SHE'S HERE.
[ SIGHS ] OKAY.
UH, I FORGIVE YOU.
YOU MUST HAVE HAD YOUR REASONS.
NOW TAKE ME TO MY DAISY.
YOU WILL NOT!
I WANT MY DAUGHTER!
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
DON'T YOU LEAVE ME!
NO! WHERE ARE YOU?!
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
HUH?
OHH.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
THIS IS SILLY.
YOU CLEARLY
HAVE AN UNFAIR ADVANTAGE,
AND WE CLEARLY
DON'T SEE EYE TO EYE.
SO [SNIFFS] LET'S JUST --
JUST TAKE A MOMENT AND --
[ GRUNTING ]
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
AAH!
AAH.
WHY?
WHY CAN'T I SEE HER?
BECAUSE
YOU HAVE NO SELF-CONTROL.
YOUR LACK OF DISCIPLINE
HAS RISKED EVERYTHING
THAT WE HAVE BUILT.
YOU HAVE NOT ONLY
SEALED YOUR FATE,
BUT THE FATE OF YOUR DAUGHTER,
AS WELL.
Hunter:
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN
A PIECE OF CAKE
IF YOU'D LET US
USE THESE BIG-BOY GUNS.
NOW WE HAVE TO GET CLOSE ENOUGH
TO GET SHOT
BY THEIR BIG-BOY GUNS.
BY THE TIME THEY RECOGNIZE US,
IT'LL BE TOO LATE.
THEN THERE'S THE SMALL MATTER
OF WHO'S GONNA FLY THAT THING --
DO YOU EVEN KNOW HOW?
I'VE WATCHED MAY FLY.
I KNOW A LITTLE.
HOW LITTLE?
I CAN GET US
OFF THE GROUND.
YOU DO KNOW THERE'S MORE TO IT
THAN THAT --
LIKE, GETTING US
BACK ON THE GROUND, FOR EXAMPLE?
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
NOW WE JUST
WALK RIGHT UP AND --
Man: DROP YOUR WEAPONS
AND PUT YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR.
WE HAVE YOU SURROUNDED.
WE'RE NOT SURROUNDED.
DIDN'T SEE THAT COMING.
HOW'S IT GOING?
UH, WELL,
I'M MAKING PROGRESS,
BUT IT'S GOING TO TAKE
SOME TIME.
THERE ARE MICROSCOPIC PORES
IN THE VIBRANIUM
THAT I BELIEVE
ARE CALIBRATED TO COULSON'S DNA.
IT'S CONSTANTLY SHIFTING
LIKE A RUBIK'S CUBE.
BUT IF I CAN ISOLATE THEM,
THEN THERE'S --
Fitz:
I SAW EVERYTHING, JEMMA.
DID YOU REALLY WANT ME
TO FIND OUT THIS WAY?
WELL -- WELL,
I WAS HOPING YOU WOULD
SO THAT WE CAN WORK TOGETHER
ON THIS.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW VALUABLE
THE INFORMATION INSIDE THIS
COULD BE?
YOU NEED TO HELP ME GET IT OUT,
GET THINGS BACK TO NORMAL.
THINGS CAN NEVER
GO BACK TO NORMAL.
CAN'T YOU SEE THAT?
CAN'T ANY OF YOU SEE
WHAT YOU'VE DONE?
YOU'VE DESTROYED A MAN'S LIFE,
AND FOR WHAT?
FITZ,
PUT IT DOWN RIGHT NOW.
'CAUSE OF FEAR --
'CAUSE OF FEAR
OF WHAT'S INSIDE
A LITTLE BLACK BOX.
WELL,
I DON'T BELIEVE IN FEAR.
I BELIEVE IN TRUST, AND I'M
SHOCKED THAT YOU WOULD DO THIS.
YOU KNEW
THIS WOULD DRIVE ME AWAY.
YOU MAY AS WELL
HAVE PACKED MY BAGS YOURSELF.
YOU WANT ME TO LEAVE,
DON'T YOU, JEMMA?
IF WE WORK
FOR S.H.I.E.L.D.,
WE HAVE A DUTY TO CARRY OUT
OUR RESPONSIBILITIES.
SO PERHAPS IT'S BEST
IF YOU DO.
[ FOOTSTEPS DEPART ]
[ SIGHS ]
BRILLIANT PLAN.
THERE WAS NO BACKUP,
WAS THERE?
THIS IS
TANGO ROMEO DELTA.
TELL GONZALES
WE HAVE HIS PACKAGE.
[ WHIRRING ]
[ WHIRRING STOPS ]
[ METAL CREAKING ]
BACKUP.
[ GRUNTING ]
[ GROANING ]
AAH!
[ WHIRRING ]
[ PULSING ]
AGENT HUNTER,
AGENT PETERSON.
CALL ME "MIKE."
AAH! THAT'S QUITE A HANDSHAKE
YOU'VE GOT.
THANKS FOR COMING
ON SUCH SHORT NOTICE.
I SEE YOU'VE TAKEN WELL
TO THE UPGRADES.
NO COMPLAINTS HERE.
YOU WANT ME TO GET THIS BIRD
IN THE AIR?
[ BEEPING ]
AT SOME POINT,
YOU MIGHT HAVE MENTIONED
THAT BACKUP
WAS A LETHAL CYBORG.
TRUTHFULLY, I JUST WANTED TO
SEE THE LOOK ON YOUR FACE
WHEN HE SHOWED UP --
PRICELESS.
GLAD I AMUSE YOU.
YOU KNOW,
I CAN HEAR YOU UP HERE.
IT'S CONFIRMED.
COULSON HAS ANOTHER
POWERED PERSON WORKING WITH HIM,
AND GUESS WHO ELSE.
HUNTER.
IF THEY GET TO SKYE, THIS IS
GONNA GET WAY OUT OF HAND.
THEY'VE GOT
ONE LAST BARGAINING CHIP LEFT.
BRING ME THE BUS
AND AGENT MAY.
WELL, IT'S NOT PIZZA,
BUT AT LEAST IT'S NOT KALE,
WHICH SEEMS TO BE THE ONLY FOOD
THEY SERVE AROUND HERE.
CAN YOU WARM UP FOOD
WITH YOUR POWERS?
BECAUSE THAT
WOULD BE AWESOME.
I HAVE NEVER TRIED, BUT I DID
WARM UP A SMALL POOL ONCE.
ANY 5-YEAR-OLD
CAN WARM UP A POOL.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
COME ON. I SHOWED YOU MINE.
NOW YOU SHOW ME YOURS.
AND YOU'LL TEACH ME
TO CONTROL IT?
ONCE I KNOW
WHAT WE'RE DEALING WITH,
A GUIDE WILL BE SELECTED
TO HELP YOU MASTER IT.
HOW LONG
DOES IT TAKE TO LEARN?
THAT DEPENDS
ON THE GIFT --
HOW MUCH
YOU'VE PHYSICALLY CHANGED.
YOU'RE A PIECE OF CAKE,
COMPARED TO THE OTHER ONE --
TOTAL PHYSICAL
TRANSFORMATION,
AND [CHUCKLES] WE STILL HAVE
NO IDEA WHAT HER GIFT IS.
YOU TOLD ME
I WAS THE ONLY ONE.
WHAT?
YOU SAID
THAT I WAS THE FIRST PERSON
TO TRANSITION HERE
IN A REALLY LONG TIME.
[ SCOFFS ]
THAT'S NOT
WHAT I MEANT.
SHE'S HERE.
YOU LIED TO ME.
I SAID THERE'S NO ONE HERE
WHO WILL HARM YOU,
AND THAT'S TRUE.
SHE'S ON HER OWN PATH, SKYE,
JUST LIKE YOU.
SHE'S HAVING A ROUGH TRANSITION
AND DESERVES THE SAME CARE.
PEOPLE DIED
BECAUSE OF HER.
WHERE IS SHE?
SKYE.
WE NEED TO PROTECT HER,
THE SAME WAY WE PROTECT YOU.
SHE IS ONE OF US.
I AM NOT WHAT SHE IS.
[ RUMBLING ]
GET OUT OF MY WAY,
LINCOLN.
YOU KNOW
I CAN'T CONTROL THIS.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
RAINA!
SKYE,
ISN'T THIS INTERESTING?
I HAD A FEELING
I MIGHT SEE YOU.
SKYE, PLEASE,
LET'S JUST GO.
LET HER STAY.
WE HAVE SO MUCH TO TALK ABOUT.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU?
DESTINY...APPARENTLY.
I WANTED TO
BE SET FREE,
BUT NOW I CAN'T EVEN
BEAR THE LIGHT OF DAY.
I DREAD BEING AWAKE,
BUT MY SLEEP IS FILLED
WITH SUCH HORRIBLE NIGHTMARES.
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
CHILDREN ARE SO AFRAID
OF MONSTERS.
THEY SHOULD KNOW
IT'S WORSE TO BE ONE.
YOU GOT
WHAT YOU DESERVED.
AND SO DID YOU.
I DIDN'T DESERVE
ANY OF THIS.
YOU DID THIS TO ME!
SKYE.
NO, YOU HAVE BROUGHT NOTHING
BUT PAIN INTO MY LIFE --
MY FATHER, THE MIST.
MY FRIEND TRIP DIED IN THERE
BECAUSE OF YOU!
I DIDN'T MAKE YOU FOLLOW ME
INTO THAT CHAMBER.
YOU WANTED TO GO.
YOU NEEDED TO GO
BECAUSE WE'RE THE SAME, SKYE.
WE WERE THE SAME BEFORE,
AND WE'RE THE SAME NOW.
I AM ON THE OUTSIDE
WHAT YOU ARE ON THE INSIDE.
NO!
SKYE!
[ GASPS ]
SO THAT'S
WHAT YOU ARE.
[ GASPS, GRUNTS ]
YOU NEED TO STOP.
NO! FINISH THIS!
END MY NIGHTMARES!
ENOUGH!
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
WHO ARE YOU?
MY NAME IS JIAYING.
YOU'RE BOTH GUESTS
IN MY HOUSE.
YOU DON'T KNOW HER.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT SHE'S CAPABLE OF.
SHE'S CAPABLE OF BEAUTY
AND GREATNESS,
JUST AS WE ALL ARE.
SHE CAN'T BE TRUSTED.
SHE KILLED PEOPLE!
FROM WHAT GORDON TELLS ME,
YOU COULD HAVE, AS WELL.
AND FROM WHAT I JUST SAW,
YOU'RE CERTAINLY CAPABLE OF IT.
WHY WOULD YOU
BRING HER HERE?
THE SAME REASON WE BROUGHT
YOU HERE -- SHE'S ONE OF US.
I AM NOT
ANYTHING LIKE HER.
WHATEVER YOU TWO WERE
IN THE PAST,
THAT'S NOT
WHAT YOU ARE NOW.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
I CAN'T STAY --
NOT IF SHE'S HERE.
WE'LL LEAVE THAT CHOICE
TO YOU,
BUT I HAVE CHOSEN
TO BE YOUR GUIDE,
SHOULD YOU
REMAIN WITH US.
ALL I ASK
IS FOR A FEW DAYS.
I'LL LOOK AFTER YOU,
TRAIN YOU, WATCH YOU GROW.
AND IF YOU DON'T FEEL
A CONNECTION BETWEEN US
WORTH EXPLORING, WELL...
WE NEVER HAVE TO
SEE EACH OTHER AGAIN.
LET'S GET YOU
TO YOUR ROOM.
[ FOOTSTEPS DEPART ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
I WAS RIGHT, WASN'T I?
SHE'S HERE.
I TOLD YOU I WOULD FIND HER,
AND I DID.
YOU WERE RIGHT, CAL.
IT'S DAISY,
OUR DAUGHTER.
[ SIGHS ]
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
THANK YOU.
CAN I SEE HER NOW?
NO.
[ SCOFFS ]
THIS BELONGED TO MY FATHER
IN THE SECOND WORLD WAR.
HE USED IT TO KILL
OVER A HUNDRED NAZIS.
HE SAID
IT ALWAYS HAD A WAY
OF FINDING THE RIGHT TARGET
AT THE RIGHT TIME.
IF YOU THINK
I'M A TRAITOR,
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE
TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
PICK IT UP.
PULL THE TRIGGER.
LET'S END THIS
RIGHT NOW.
OR YOU CAN
HEAR ME OUT.
IT'S COME
TO MY ATTENTION
THAT I'M NOT
HANDLING YOU PROPERLY.
AND SINCE...
[ WATER POURS, PITCHER THUDS ]
...I MUST ACCEPT
THE RECOMMENDATION OF OTHERS
WHEN I'M OUTVOTED...
HERE WE STAND.
[ GLASS THUDS ]
ASSUMING YOU DECIDE
NOT TO SHOOT ME,
I WOULD LIKE TO OFFER YOU
A SEAT ON OUR BOARD.
WHAT'S THE CATCH?
NO CATCH.
WE'RE GONNA BRING COULSON IN
WITH OR WITHOUT YOUR HELP.
AND WHEN WE DO,
HE SHOULD HAVE A STRONG ADVOCATE
ON THE BOARD.
[ SCOFFS ]
AND THEN WHAT?
THAT'S FOR US
TO DECIDE.
BUT RIGHT NOW HE'S ACTING
LIKE A FUGITIVE AND A THREAT.
WE DO NOT TAKE ANY THREAT
AGAINST S.H.I.E.L.D. LIGHTLY.
NEITHER DO I.
[ GUN THUDS ]
I APPRECIATE
THE THEATRICS,
BUT EVEN YOU'RE NOT STUPID
ENOUGH TO HAND ME A LOADED GUN.
THIS IS NOT
ABOUT COULSON.
IT'S NOT ABOUT ME.
IT'S NOT ABOUT
ANYONE ON THIS SHIP.
IT'S ABOUT S.H.I.E.L.D.
WE CANNOT AFFORD
TO BE ENEMIES TO EACH OTHER
WHEN THERE ARE NEW THREATS
OUT THERE
WAITING FOR THE MOMENT
WE ARE AT OUR WEAKEST.
A HOUSE BUILT ON SHIFTING SAND
WILL FALL.
AND WITHOUT A STRONG
AND UNITED FOUNDATION,
S.H.I.E.L.D.
WILL FALL AGAIN.
I'M ASKING YOU TO HELP US
DEFEND HER, AGENT MAY.
TAKE A SEAT
ON OUR BOARD.
AUTOPILOT IS SET.
CRUISING AT 45,000 FEET.
ANY DESTINATION?
MEXICO.
Coulson: I'LL LET YOU KNOW.
AGENT PETERSON HAS BEEN DOING
SOME OVERSEAS WORK FOR ME.
REMEMBER LIST?
THE HYDRA HEAD
WE DIDN'T CUT OFF?
MIKE'S BEEN TRAILING HIM
FOR THE PAST SIX MONTHS.
TELL HIM
WHAT YOU FOUND.
LAST WEEK, I INTERCEPTED
A CODED TRANSMISSION FROM LIST
MENTIONING HIS INTEREST
IN POWERED PEOPLE.
YEAH, THEY SEEM
TO BE TRENDING THESE DAYS.
HE'S HUNTING THEM DOWN
AND EXPERIMENTING ON THEM.
YOU THINK THE NO-EYED GUY
TOOK SKYE AS ONE OF HIS?
NO, BUT HE'S CONNECTED
TO SKYE'S FATHER
AND WHATEVER GROUP OF POWERED
PEOPLE HE'S INVOLVED WITH.
DOES HYDRA KNOW
ABOUT THEM?
SEEMS LIKELY.
THERE'S ONLY ONE MAN
WHO'S CONNECTED
TO BOTH SIDES
OF THIS EQUATION.
IF WE'RE GONNA FIND SKYE,
WE NEED TO FIND HIM FIRST.
AND WHO'S THAT?
OUR BAD OPTION.
GRANT WARD.
WE'LL RETURN IN A MOMENT.
I DID EVERYTHING IN MY POWER,
BUT IT WOULDN'T OPEN.
IT'S WAY BEYOND ANYTHING
I'VE EVER ENCOUNTERED.
WITHOUT COULSON
OR SOME MIRACLE,
I'M AFRAID IT'S JUST
A WORTHLESS PIECE OF JUNK.
AIRPORT, PLEASE.
WITH A HINT OF PESTO AIOLI.